How many times in the teaching said, "Ganacheka is so special, Ganacheka is so powerful."
And similarly, all the great masters, Dene, Gorokhema Samye Ling, Vasna Rakhini, Hinsodya, Surya,
as well as Vasna Rakhini, Maathik, Lathitoma, everyone said, "Ganacheka is so special, so powerful
,"
means to increase rapidly, quickly, of the true merit, merit, and remove the obstacles,
the obstacles or the equities. So this act is what the Ganacheka is, it's very, very special.
And then with this understanding, when we do the Ganacheka, of course, we have to set up
Sharayam, Sharayam of the mandalas. And this is our mandala. For example, here we have the mandala.
When we speak of mandala, generally we call Pema Samye Ling. Pema Samye Ling itself is really mand
ala.
I'm not just saying this. I feel that. And here we say it many times. It is, the entire itself,
is living mandala, not just the immediate, small mandala, but it is truly sizzling, lively mandalas
.
Look, this is all that you look to. Right direction, left direction, front, back, everywhere you
look,
there is so many brutal things that symbolize the law, and the compassion, and the wisdom,
and the skilled means, and the Muslims that represent it. All these, look everywhere.
Every corner you look, every side you look, is all. The backside, the upside, the monastery,
inside the monastery, up and down, everywhere. This is the true living mandala.
It is truly one of the central spot of the pilgrimage, pilgrimage, not just as, like as one of the
retreat centers,
but it's truly one of the very beautiful pilgrimage, sinterling, living, linear mandala support.
It's true. And then generally we're talking about this land itself, and of course, in the Buddha
teaching set,
there is so many, and as well as in the Buddha teaching set, so many times.
There is also, of course, artists generally, everywhere they speak, but there is also in the Buddha
teaching set,
and as well as in the Buddha teaching set, and as well as in the Buddha teaching set,
there is unco-contour support of the earth. Therefore, at great cemeteries, and in 24 major sports,
anywhere they are, in 32 sports, so forth. There is many unco-contour points on the earth.
Earth, and earth is generally, there also is one way, is kind of saying that, but art is also
living, living.
The elements are living. It's a display of the wisdom, and therefore, art has many unco-contour
points.
Definitely. And then, with that contrast, truly Vemmasavel is one of the, also we feel, unco-cont
our points of the earth.
And we also heard from the ancient time, native prophecy. This idea is very, very special places in
the native prophecy.
And whatever that reason, in the external level, also we look here in this place. For example, I'm
not saying only here,
but it is it is, all areas. There is, and generally everywhere there is, is so many, what's called,
poison iris, and the poison snacks, and the mosquitoes. Vemmasavel, really, I'm not saying you all
know.
There's very less. Maybe mosquitoes sometimes come, but there's no poison iris, no poison snacks.
And then, many people, we all imagine, first time when we came here, no many mosquitoes, too.
But otherwise, everywhere there's so many mosquitoes. Everywhere. Even far, it's far northern, in
Canada,
which is like our way to the north, there's mosquitoes. In the latter words. But here, very less.
Musketo, all those disturbance, they stand there. Then here, what you often say, this latter
formation has so many beautiful things.
Things. When you look to the astrological level, when you look into it. To the east side, is the
most kind of order.
And that should be like that. And the soul is very kind of full. And many say, in front of the
monastery,
if you build something, if you want to stay at something, if you look into the front, if there is
formation of that,
there are actually many hips. Truly, when you look to here, so many mountain peaks, you see.
It's like the hip of the jewel. Truly, Rana qualities. Rana's our qualities.
And also, when you say, this mountain formation looks like a sleeping elephant.
So sleeping elephant was carrying the full load of the jewels. Like that.
And then west has beautiful formation. Again, formation that is always said, should be as like peac
ocks.
Peacocks, paddies. But it has good, good spot in the west. And not the back side, which has, then
again, very majestic kind of, standing back side.
Stay is very, staying as the opening, you say, like tortoise. Tortoise, but it has good formation.
When you look, when we do the ceremony of the fire video on the lower middle, looking up here,
truly, it has semicircle formation.
Comes very good. And then in the center of the, this is also a tort, tutu.
And Varanasi is so special place in Buddhism. And as well as hip is Varanasi.
It has, why name is Varanasi? It's named because there is two rivers, called Varuna and Asi, two
rivers.
When Varuna, Asi, yon trogade, put trogade at two walls, and it's according to Sanskrit language,
conjuncture, or the Sanskrit they call, conjunct, then it becomes Varanasi.
So it's a bit of a two rivers. In the penmasal learning, there is not two rivers, but there is two
blocks.
What's called blocks? Blocks, long blocks, trogade blocks.
We have two blocks. When you pick up the, from these two rivers, we can pick up lotus, almost.
Lotus, L-O-T-U-S, or you can pick up that. So in Sanskrit, the Varanasi, they pick it up from the
Varuna and Asi, Varanasi.
So I thought we can pick up, like, from these two blocks, lotus.
Then N, maybe S, S can become lotus. So then through penmasal learning, what means? Penma means lot
us, that you all know.
So there is some degree of the lotus, lotus, and so that's also kind of naturally came, that some
degree of the terminology of lotus.
Those are just made up by us only.
But then, in the teaching set, when you put that, spread your meditative heart, and blend from it
in hands,
spread like acid, like montage, it looks like city, rishi, in samadhi, samadhi, all the Buddha, V
eroja.
If you put on the monastery or the helmetry, or the rishi cabin, on that lap, lap of that, then it
's really very good in the teaching set.
So when you look at this mountain, I think penmasal is called things, maybe this red looks like, or
mostly like, kind of like meditation postures.
And penmasal learning is, the temple itself is kind of almost in the lap of that.
And the lower part is like on a cushion, and this part is there, and this part of the top, this
mountain area is kind of like part of the body up there.
So that can be interpreted that way. So that way, also it has that good quality set.
Then, of course, this temple is named after Sami.
Sami represents the entire Buddha teaching. It represents all cosmos of teaching.
So this has, I'm not going to go into more details now, but this has three levels.
And then also Sami is a core in the teaching, that when they build, they build up a core
independence of the total.
Total, they built. Sami wants to build.
And we don't have the exact level, but our, the core part is, is like total formations.
It is octagons. Octagons, it is in total formation.
It is, in one way, at the university, you all know, it is itching in the harmonizing, itching state
.
It's an octagon, octagon status. And then we put so many, those lotus patterns.
Those symbolized, and the Buddha, when Buddha was born, Buddha was still born.
Born, he stepped in seven, seven each direction, and on each direction, and there is lotus came,
each direction.
So there is 20, 28 lotus patterns, going around the head.
And then there is a big three lotus, all coming up the head pattern, and which symbolize the Buddha
's body, speed mind.
Over a quarter in the teaching, it symbolized Hinai, Mahayana, and Vaidhyana teachings.
And that is all adds to us. And five Dayana Buddhas.
So truly, Pemasamyam itself is really like sizzling, living, madhava, many aspects.
And then in library, we have all the Buddha's teachings, teachings in Kanjur and Danyu, of course,
Vedas.
But we have also Theravada, and the Chinese version of the Therapeuticas, and so many other, all
those Buddha teachings.
It's filled with that. And so therefore, this Pemasamyam is truly, is like living, madhava, and as
I said, is truly, is one of the peregrine sports.
It's not just temple, or the history center, but truly, it represents so beautiful.
Also this temple, and everything came, so quite beautiful. It's not so startling so much all the
time.
But with true love and compassion, joy, everyone's, and put together, truly bought as monumental
love and compassion, joy and devotion and appreciation.
Therefore, from the top to bottom, to every aspect, this is really truly like optical ventilation
and madhava.
So this is generally madhava.
And now we talk about the inside.